eric a police detective was having lunch
in a cafe
at some moment he went to the bathroom
and left his smartphone
on the table when he came back the phone
was gone
the detective saw a man leaving the
place and ran after him
eric stopped him when the man was about
to sit in a car
the detective told the man to give him
his gadget back
but the man seemed confused i know
nothing about your phone
i just gave my friends a lift to work
and he pointed at two men
entering an office building after
hearing this
eric immediately called the police why
[Music]
the man lied his car was a sports
convertible with just two seats
the car wouldn't have fit three men
in the middle of the night dennis was
woken up by a loud crash
one of the kids must have been out ah
but they know they aren't allowed to
leave after curfew
the man went to check on the children
all three of them
catherine ruth and larry seem to be
sleeping peacefully
look at the kids and try to figure out
who sneaked out of the house
it was ruth there's a dirty sneaker
hidden behind the curtain
and several pieces of french fries under
her bed
brenda was traveling by train it was
scorching hot in the carriage
the girl took off her gold bracelet
decorated with diamonds
and put it on the table in front of her
several minutes later the
train entered a tunnel and it got pitch
dark
when the tunnel was left behind there
was no bracelet on the table
boy i'm surprised brenda was shocked
someone's taken my bracelet
there were just three other people in
the compartment
helen said she had been sleeping rachel
was reading a book on her phone
and gregory had gone to the bathroom
even before the train entered the tunnel
who took the bracelet
it was helen at first she had her
sleeves rolled up
but now they covered her arms down to
the wrists
hiding the bracelet once daniel found a
coin that had a 10
bce mark on it the guy realized the
thing had to be very old and valuable
happy and excited he took it to an
expert
but the specialist didn't even agree to
examine the coin
he told daniel right away the thing was
fake
how did he figure it out so fast
people who live before the current era
couldn't know there would be another era
that's why they couldn't make such marks
on coins
james had a meeting with his university
professor
it ran late and when the guy was leaving
the building it was already dark
as he was walking along the deserted
halls he heard someone
shout for help the voice was coming from
behind a locked lecture hall door
james managed to open it and found his
group mate
mike inside in the afternoon the guy
wanted to get a book from the library
but it was closed he was already leaving
when he heard footsteps behind his back
when he came round he was locked in
james figured out three suspects and
interrogated them
first thing in the morning matthew said
he had left the campus right after the
lectures
emily replied she had been studying at
the library all day long
olivia met with her friends and they
were having lunch
at the university canteen james realized
who was guilty
right away
it was emily she couldn't study at the
library because it was
closed that day ashley and mary were
walking in the forest when they spotted
some barriers
each picked a different plant to feed on
but one of them
didn't make a smart decision guess who
it's ashley there's an unconscious bird
next to the plant which indicates it's
poisonous
the endangered plant seeds can't be
eaten lucy and jack are both doing work
on two different buildings
lucy is sitting outside on the second
floor trying to clean the window
jack is climbing down an apartment
complex which of the two is less clever
[Music]
jack even if he's wearing a helmet the
height difference is enough to injure
him
joanna and are spending the day at
home joanna is doing her spring cleaning
while is trying to feed her son
which of the two
should rethink their actions
there's no danger if the vacuum
cleaner isn't plugged in
but it isn't a good idea to feed babies
chunks of chicken with a knife and a
fork
[Music]
michael is ready to break into a house
that has a dog
karen is putting the jacket on her
daughter in the middle of the street
who is in more danger
karen and her daughter they're kneeling
and don't see the car approaching
while michael can spot if there's a dog
in the yard or not
jason went to the water park with his
son jake is a firefighter and was called
to put out a fire
now jason is on the phone while a boy
behind him struggles to stay on the
surface of the pool
jake is putting out a fire on a tree
which of the two
isn't bright
[Music]
jason he's on the phone and can't hear
the boy behind him
jake is putting out the fire on the tree
to prevent it from spreading to the
forest
john's father has three sons there's
jack
a quiet intelligence student then
there's jason a popular athlete
so who's the third son
[Music]
it's john his father has three sons
jack jason and him john
there's a barrel of water in the yard
you look inside and say that it's more
than half full
but your friend argues that it's less
how to figure out who's right without
using any measuring tools
or removing water from the barrel
[Music]
tilt the barrel so that the water
touches the rim
if you can see the bottom the barrel
barrel's less than half full
if the bottom is still covered with
water it's more
one day a teacher decided to give her
students a test
but all of them refused to take it she
could give detention for skipping the
test to only one student
all of them knew each other's names if a
student knew they were going to get
detention
they agreed to take the test how could
the teacher make
all the students participate
[Music]
she told them that she'd give detention
to the student whose name
came first alphabetically then this
person wouldn't skip the test the next
person on the list wouldn't skip as well
and so on until the end of the list
maria was getting ready for her date
everything had to be perfect
but once she decided to take a shower
she found out the bathroom was occupied
it was probably one of her sisters the
girl decided to pick an outfit
not to waste time soon maria noticed the
bathroom was empty
but as soon as she turned the shower on
and started washing her hair
she saw the water was red it was a prank
someone had added paint to the shower
head maria questioned her sisters
rose said i was in my room studying for
a math exam
and ashley explained i was in the shower
right before you
i even washed my hair and everything was
okay
maria immediately realized who had
played a trick on her
can you
it was ashley look at her if she was in
the shower just minutes before
why is her hair dry and nicely styled
[Music]
alan called his friend milo a private
detective
and asked him to come as soon as
possible when milo arrived at allen's
office
he saw everything was upside down with
papers
all over the place and furniture broken
i entered my office saw this and
immediately called you
alan's voice was trembling i hope they
haven't stolen the company money and
important documents
alan rushed to his safe with a key in
his hand it's the only existing key to
this safe
he inserted the key in the lock and
opened the door
the safe was empty while milo was
looking around
allen was thinking aloud i have this new
guy
robert i'm almost sure he's a spy sent
by my competitors
he could break into my safe to steal
very important documents
milo turned to his friend why exactly do
you want to frame that innocent guy
how did milo figure it out
there's only one key to the safe and
alan has it
if the employee had broken into the safe
he wouldn't be able to lock it again
you're a student and you have an
important philosophy exam today
big stress you like most of your peers
haven't attended many classes or learned
anything this semester
when you come to the exam the teacher
puts a chair in the center of the
classroom and says
none of you learn my subject so everyone
will have the same chance to pass it
see this chair write evidence that it
doesn't exist
the person who convinces me of this will
pass
now setting aside the fact that the
teacher sounds just like the spook in
the first question
what should you write to ace the exam
[Music]
the correct answer is what chair
mary is stranded on an island in the
middle of an enormous
deep lake she can't swim and doesn't
have a boat
the nearest town is on the shore five
miles away from her
all she has is three ropes each of them
are two feet long
three hours later mary reaches the town
how did she manage to escape from the
island
[Music]
well it's winter and the lake is frozen
mary simply crossed the lake on the ice
[Music]
a new restaurant opened on the roof of a
skyscraper
food critic jake is there to try the
dishes and give his feedback
suddenly a bad storm picks up and jake
hears an announcement
everyone must evacuate the building asap
he runs inside to find three elevators
he must pick one to stay alive
behind the first there are dozens of
venomous snakes
slithering all over the floor in the
second
three angry lions are roaring as they
smell him through the doors
the third elevator is filled with water
and two hungry sharks
you want to call the building management
to find out who the heck
puts snakes lions and sharks in the
elevators but you
need to escape first which is the best
option
you have seven seconds to decide
[Music]
it's the third elevator when the door
opens all the water will pour out along
with the sharks
and he can escape josh is on his way
home
when he notices a group of people
following him
he sees an open maintenance hole in the
pavement and jumps in to hide
but the cover immediately shuts behind
him and he gets trapped
he starts looking for another exit and
ends up in a spacious room with
three doors a nearby sign reads only one
of these
doors leads to safety behind the first
there's a room closing in on itself
every 10 seconds
in the second room there are four tigers
that haven't eaten in months
and behind the third door there's a
giant hungry boa constrictor
hmm same building management huh your
seven seconds start now
he should pick the second door tigers
can't go more than a couple of weeks
without food
will was walking on railroad tracks when
he saw a train coming right at him at
full speed
as soon as he spotted it he ran toward
the train to survive
why did he do that
he was in a tunnel the only way to get
to safety
was running toward the train out of the
tunnel and then
jumping out to the side the takeaway
here don't be walking on train tracks at
all
a prestigious gallery just had a new
exhibition
at the end of the show the gallery owner
discovered that four
of the most expensive flower paintings
had been stolen
the police show up to do an
investigation and now they have
wait for it three suspects jenna the
artist
said she disappeared into one of the
studios to paint
bob the security guard said he was just
waiting outside
and had no idea the flower paintings
were gone
lewis the caterer said he knew nothing
about the robbery
until the police showed up so who's the
thief
[Music]
it's the security guard he couldn't have
known which paintings were stolen if he
was standing outside
oh bob amy won
20 million dollars in the lottery the
night after she had received the money
she stayed in the most expensive hotel
and made a video
it was about her life and how she hadn't
seen her sister since
childhood the next day three girls
showed up
claiming to be her sister all of them
looked so much alike
but which one tells the truth
[Music]
it's the lady on the right she has the
same mole as amy
on her cheek a tattoo with the letter a
and a tattoo with two girls holding
hands
[Music]
a businessman was about to go through a
security check at the airport
when he realized someone had taken his
luggage
the airport police had three suspects
who had to be interviewed
lisa said i wouldn't take someone's old
brown bag
i have my own mike explained he was a
light traveler and didn't have luggage
he put everything in his backpack rob
had a broken arm and a sprained ankle
he could hardly carry anything the
police immediately knew who had done it
can you figure it out
[Music]
it was lisa nobody told her the luggage
was brown